ARTICLE TITLE: ‘The Equalizer’: First Look At Titus Welliver Ahead Of Potential CBS Spinoff.
A-TIER ACTORS: [Titus Welliver]
B-TIER ACTORS: [Juani Feliz]

BLURBS:
Titus Welliver: First look at Bosch alum in upcoming episode of The Equalizer, potential spinoff lead.
Juani Feliz: Cast alongside Welliver, plays Samantha Reed, a weapons expert with a mysterious past.

Posted Date: 2025-04-04 23:48:26.

TAG: (EQUALIZER SPINOFF POTENTIAL)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
We’re getting the first look at Bosch alum Titus Welliver in an upcoming episode of The Equalizer, where his character, which will lead a potential spinoff, will be introduced.

You can see Welliver in the above image with Equalizer star Queen Latifah and Juani Feliz in the background in silhouette. As we previously reported, Welliver and Feliz have been tapped as the two leads of the potential spinoff, which has not yet received a series order. Their characters are both set to be introduced in episode 516 of The Equalizer on April 20, titled “Sins of our Father”. You can see an additional image of Welliver and Queen Latifah below.

Welliver will play Hudson Reed, a former top CIA operative with a dark secret who is connected to Robyn McCall (Queen Latifah) by an old mentor. Feliz plays Samantha Reed who has been trained by her father to be a weapons expert, skilled martial artist and true chameleon all while hiding a mysterious past.

Watch on Deadline

Both Welliver and Feliz were cast as guest stars in the episode. with series regular options for the potential spinoff.

A reimagining of the classic series, The Equalizer stars Queen Latifah as Robyn McCall, an enigmatic woman with a mysterious background who uses her extensive skills as a former CIA operative to help those with nowhere else to turn.

The Season 5 cast also includes Tory Kittles, Adam Goldberg, Liza Lapira, Laya DeLeon Hayes with Lorraine Toussaint.

Fom Universal Television, a division of Universal Studio Group, in association with CBS Studios, The Equalizer is executive produced by Joseph C. Wilson, Dana Owens (Queen Latifah), Debra Martin Chase, Shakim Compere, John Davis, John Fox, Loretha Jones and Rob Hanning.

Welliver can currently be seen starring as Harry Bosch in Bosch: Legacy, which is airing its third and final season on Prime Video. He portrayed Harry Bosch on all seven seasons of the mothership series Bosch.

Feliz recently recurred on Tracy Oliver’s Amazon television series Harlem Her credits also include series Fleishman Is In Trouble and DMZ, A24 feature Civil War and AMC’s upcoming The Terror: Devil In Silver.

ARTICLE TITLE: Sophina Brown, Jeff Pierre & Cedric Joe Round Out Series Regular Cast Of Courtney A. Kemp’s ‘Nemesis’.
A-TIER ACTORS: []
B-TIER ACTORS: [Sophina Brown, Jeff Pierre, Cedric Joe]

BLURBS:
Sophina Brown: Cast as 'Charlie' in Courtney A. Kemp’s new crime drama 'Nemesis'.
Jeff Pierre: Will play 'Malik Jacobs' in the upcoming series 'Nemesis'.
Cedric Joe: Joins 'Nemesis' as 'Noah Stiles', rounding out the series regular cast.

Posted Date: 2025-04-04 20:00:00.

TAG: (NETFLIX KEMP CRIME DRAMA)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
EXCLUSIVE: Sophina Brown (Twenties, Kindred), Jeff Pierre (Walker, Mercy) and Cedric Joe (Space Jam: A New Legacy, Women of the Movement) round out the series regular cast of Nemesis, a crime drama created by Courtney A. Kemp (“Power” Universe) and Tani Marole described as an action heist series in the vein of Power set in L.A. where the new series will film.

Brown will play ‘Charlie,’ Pierre will play ‘Malik Jacobs,’ and Joe will play ‘Noah Stiles.’ They join the previously announced cast of Matthew Law, Y’Ian Noel, Cleopatra Coleman, Tre Hale, Domenick Lombardozzi, Jonnie Park, Ariana Guerra, Gabrielle Dennis and Michael Potts.

Nemesis is the story of two men on either side of the law, the tale of what happens when an unstoppable force (an expert criminal), Coltrane Wilder (Noel), meets an immovable object (a brilliant police detective), Isaiah Stiles (Law). What starts as a series that aims to subvert the heist genre at every turn, amped with thrilling life-or-death stakes, family dynamics and explosive action, actually gives birth to an exploration of what drives us, sustains us, and ultimately destroys us.

Watch on Deadline

In her first project with Netflix, Kemp serves as showrunner on Nemesis, which she is executive producing with Marole, Chris Selak of Kemp’s End of Episode and Philipp Barnett. Mario Van Peebles (Power Book III: Raising Kanan) will direct and executive produce Episodes 1 and 2.

Brown is repped by SDB Partners and Emery Entertainment.

Pierre is repped by Buchwald and Main Title Entertainmnet.

Joe is repped by Arise Artists Agency and Luber Roklin Entertainment.

ARTICLE TITLE: Christopher Gorham Joins CBS Comedy ‘Georgie & Mandy’s First Marriage’.
A-TIER ACTORS: [Christopher Gorham]
B-TIER ACTORS: []

BLURBS:
Christopher Gorham: Known for roles in 'Covert Affairs' and 'The Lincoln Lawyer', now joining CBS comedy 'Georgie & Mandy’s First Marriage'.

Posted Date: 2025-04-04 19:29:09.

TAG: (CBS LORRE COMEDY SEQUEL)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
Christopher Gorham (Covert Affairs, The Lincoln Lawyer) is set to guest star in the CBS comedy Georgie & Mandy’s First Marriage.

He will portray ‘Scott,’ Mandy’s (Emily Osment) new boss whose romantic history with her starts to complicate her life. Gorham will appear in the final two episodes of the season, airing on May 14.

Created by the producing team behind The Big Bang Theory and Young Sheldon — Chuck Lorre, Steven Molaro and Steve Holland — the sequel series follows Young Sheldon’s Georgie (Montana Jordan) and Mandy as they raise their young family in Texas while navigating the challenges of adulthood, parenting and marriage.

Rachel Bay Jones, Will Sasso, Dougie Baldwin and Jessie Prez also star in the series, which has already been renewed for a second season.

Watch on Deadline

Lorre, Molaro and Holland serve as executive producers of the series from Chuck Lorre Productions, Inc. in association with Warner Bros Television.

Christopher Gorham at center and left of Emily Osment Chris Gorman Instagram

Gorham most recently appeared on the CBS hit series Matlock and recurred in the first season of Netflix’s chart-topping drama The Lincoln Lawyer. Before that, he was a series regular in Netflix’s Insatiable and the USA Network spy series Covert Affairs opposite Piper Perabo. He is best known for his portrayal of Henry Grubstick in Ugly Betty opposite America Ferrera. Up next, he will star in the Korean Disney+ and Hulu drama Tempest, opposite John Cho, Alicia Hannah-Kim and Jacob Bertrand. He is repped by Verve and Thruline Entertainment.

ARTICLE TITLE: Jesse Armstrong’s HBO Movie ‘Mountainhead’ Releases First-Look Images And Sets Premiere Date.
A-TIER ACTORS: [Steve Carell]
B-TIER ACTORS: [Jason Schwartzman, Cory Michael Smith, Ramy Youssef]

BLURBS:
Steve Carell: Stars in Jesse Armstrong's new HBO movie 'Mountainhead'.
Jason Schwartzman: Featured in Armstrong's 'Mountainhead', set to premiere May 31.
Cory Michael Smith: Cast in 'Mountainhead', alongside Steve Carell and Jason Schwartzman.
Ramy Youssef: Joins the cast of HBO's 'Mountainhead', wrapping production this week.

Posted Date: 2025-04-04 15:00:00.

TAG: (HBO ARMSTRONG DIRECTORIAL DEBUT)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
HBO on Friday released the first images from Jesse Armstrong‘s movie Mountainhead, the follow-up project to his hit series Succession. The film, marking Armstrong’s feature directorial debut, is now set to premiere May 31 on HBO and stream on Max as it wraps production this week in Park City, Utah.

Mountainhead stars Steve Carell, Jason Schwartzman, Cory Michael Smith and Ramy Youssef. Supporting cast includes Hadley Robinson, Andy Daly, Ali Kinkade, Daniel Oreskes, David Thompson, Amie MacKenzie and Ava Kostia.

‘Mountainhead’ Courtesy of HBO

Deadline first told you about the project. which follows a group of billionaire friends who get together against the backdrop of a rolling international crisis. In addition to writing and directing, Armstrong is executive producing along with Frank Rich, Lucy Prebble, Jon Brown, Tony Roche, Will Tracy, Mark Mylod and Jill Footlick.

Armstrong’s movie comes two years after Succession ended its four-season run on HBO as one of the most heralded dramas of the past decade. Its awards count includes 75 Emmy nominations and 19 wins, including three Outstanding Drama Series trophies. Armstrong is a seven-time Emmy winner and an Oscar Adapted Screenplay nominee for 2010’s In the Loop, a nom he shared with Armando Iannucci and Tony Roche.

Watch on Deadline

Here are more stills from Mountainhead:

‘Mountainhead’ Courtesy of HBO

ARTICLE TITLE: Pierce Brosnan Says Aaron Taylor-Johnson “Would Be Great” As 007
A-TIER ACTORS: [Pierce Brosnan]
B-TIER ACTORS: [Aaron Taylor-Johnson]

BLURBS:
Pierce Brosnan: Brosnan suggests Aaron Taylor-Johnson for the next 007 role.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson: Brosnan praises Taylor-Johnson, potential candidate for 007 role.

Posted Date: 2025-04-04 02:47:03.

TAG: (007 FRANCHISE AMAZON MGM)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
Although Daniel Craig might not have much to say on the topic, Pierce Brosnan has a good idea for who should take over their lead role in the 007 franchise.

When asked about speculation that Aaron Taylor-Johnson is in the running to play James Bond, Brosnan had nothing but praise for the 34-year old actor, with whom he previously worked on the 2009 drama The Greatest.

“I think he would be very good,” he told Yahoo Entertainment, adding: “I cast him in one of the movies I made a long time ago called The Greatest, actually, and he played ‘the greatest.'”

Watch on Deadline

In the Shana Feste-helmed film, Brosnan and Susan Sarandon played Allen and Grace Brewer, whose son Bennett (Taylor-Johnson) dies in a car crash. Months later, they get a visit from their late son’s girlfriend Rose (Carey Mulligan), who is pregnant with his baby.

“This young man came on the set and took the space, filled the space with passion and energy,” recalled Brosnan of working with Taylor-Johnson. “So yeah, I think if he wished it, wanted it and got it, he would be great.”

Brosnan—who played Bond in GoldenEye (1995), Tomorrow Never Dies (1997), The World Is Not Enough (1999) and Die Another Day (2002)—also commented on the new 007 partnership between Amazon MGM Studios and returning producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson, saying he wishes “them all well.”

After announcing that Amy Pascal and David Heyman will produce the next film in the franchise, Amazon MGM’s Courtenay Valenti and Sue Kroll said at CinemaCon on Friday that the pair of “filmmaking legends” is currently in London working on the film.

“We are committed to honoring the legacy of this iconic character, while bringing a fresh, exhilarating new chapter to audiences around the world alongside Amy and David,” said Valenti, head of Film, Streaming and Theatrical. “They are both in London getting started and couldn’t be here tonight, but we wanted to thank them for what we know will be an incredible partnership. Thank you, Amy and David!”

ARTICLE TITLE: Naomi Baker & Jay Reeves To Lead New Tyler Perry Netflix Drama Feature ‘Doing Life’.
A-TIER ACTORS: []
B-TIER ACTORS: [Naomi Baker, Jay Reeves, Tamberla Perry, Karen Obilom, Jasmine Sargent, Danielle Moné Truitt]

BLURBS:
Naomi Baker: Leading Tyler Perry's new Netflix feature 'Doing Life'.
Jay Reeves: Co-leads in 'Doing Life', previously in 'The Six Triple Eight'.
Tamberla Perry: Part of ensemble cast in 'Doing Life'.
Karen Obilom: Known for 'Doom Patrol', now in 'Doing Life'.
Jasmine Sargent: 'Dynasty' actor, now cast in 'Doing Life'.
Danielle Moné Truitt: From 'Law & Order: Organized Crime' to 'Doing Life'.

Posted Date: 2025-04-03 20:21:38.

TAG: (TYLER PERRY NETFLIX URBAN DRAMA)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
EXCLUSIVE: Tyler Perry has a new feature in the works at Netflix led by Naomi Baker (All American: Homecoming) and Jay Reeves (The Six Triple Eight) titled Doing Life.

The pair lead an ensemble cast that also includes Tamberla Perry (Brilliant Minds), Karen Obilom (Doom Patrol), Jasmine Sargent (Dynasty) and Danielle Moné Truitt (Law & Order: Organized Crime).

Doing Life is a gritty and gripping urban drama that explores the life of a single mother fighting for survival and a reformed ex-con with untapped talents who forge an unexpected bond.

In addition to Perry, Angi Bones and Tony L. Strickland will serve as producers.

Watch on Deadline

L-R: Danielle Moné Truitt, Jasmine Sargent, Karen Obilom, and Tamberla Perry Michael Creagh/Brian Jones/Tarrell Rugley/J Squared Photography

The new film marks Tyler Perry’s seventh film from his creative partnership with Netflix, which sees him write, direct, and produce films, series, and faith-based features.

Most recently, they released The Six Triple Eight, led by Kerry Washington. It is inspired by the real-life story of the 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion, the sole all-Black, all-female Women’s Army Corps unit. The members of this unit were tasked with sorting the massive backlog of undelivered mail for U.S. service members in England and France. Doing Life reunites Perry with Reeves, who played Private Hugh Bell in The Six Triple Eight. The streamer reports The Six Triple Eight is Perry’s most viewed film through its first four weeks, and the release boosted viewing for his other films by 45%.

Also part of Perry’s slate at Netflix is the film Madea’s Destination Wedding, his second Madea project with the streamer following A Madea Homecoming released in 2022, the Taraji P. Henson-led Straw and the film R&B, written by Michael Elliot and Cory Tynan.

On the TV front, the new series She The People follows Lieutenant Governor candidate Antoinette Dunkerson (Terri J. Vaughn), who runs a successful campaign and now must figure out how to thrive under a sexist and condescending governor while attempting to keep her family in line now that they’re all in the public eye. His freshman series Beauty in Black was recently renewed for a second season.

Baker is represented by Luber Roklin Entertainment and HRi Talent.

Perry is repped by Stewart Talent and Authentic Talent & Literary Management.

Sargent is repped by Stewart Talent and Tassell Talent Group.

Truitt is repped by CMA Entertainment and UTA.

Obilom is repped by Paradigm.

ARTICLE TITLE: Abigail Spencer, Holt McCallany & Lucas Till Join Jake Allyn Drama ‘Clean Hands’.
A-TIER ACTORS: []
B-TIER ACTORS: [Abigail Spencer, Holt McCallany, Lucas Till]

BLURBS:
Abigail Spencer: Known for roles in Suits, Mad Men, Grey’s Anatomy, True Detective, and more.
Holt McCallany: Acclaimed for his role as Detective Bill Tench in Mindhunter.
Lucas Till: Recognized for his five-season run as the title character in CBS’s MacGyver.

Posted Date: 2025-04-03 17:40:11.

TAG: (TRUE-LIFE DRUG CRISIS DRAMA)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
EXCLUSIVE: Abigail Spencer (Suits), Holt McCallany (Mindhunter), and Lucas Till (MacGyver) have been tapped for supporting roles in Clean Hands, the true-life drama from writer-director Jake Allyn on which we were first to report last month.

The trio is set to star opposite previously announced leads Zach Braff and Esther McGregor, with production now underway.

Set in Hagerstown MD, a Baltimore suburb along the infamous “Heroin Highway,” Clean Hands explores the American drug crisis through the lens of a father-daughter duo caught on opposing sides of the law, based on the harrowing story of hero drug cop turned recovery advocate Kevin Simmers (Braff) and his daughter Brooke (McGregor).

Spencer will portray Kevin’s wife Dana, while McCallany will play Maryland Congressman David Trone and Lucas Till will play Sheriff’s Deputy Dormer.

Watch on Deadline

Producers include Conor Allyn of Margate House Films, Brian Loschiavo of Riverside Entertainment, James Suttles and Jason Winn of WW / SF Entertainment, and JR Rappaport of Glasshouse Pictures. Braff is executive producing, along with Jim Gladden, Scott and Linda Davis, Tony Herbert, Jonathan Beaulieu, Daniel Weaver, William Deasey, and Kevin and Dana Simmers of Brooke’s House.

Previously, Spencer has been seen in films like Oz: The Great and Powerful and Cowboys and Aliens, along with numerous series, including Rectify, Mad Men, Grey’s Anatomy, Suits, True Detective, and more. Recently, she produced Duke Johnson’s The Actor through her and Johnson’s Innerlight Films, alongside Paul Young, Ken Kao, Ryan Gosling, and Neon. She is repped by UTA, Untitled Entertainment, and Hansen, Jacobson, Teller.

Garnering widespread acclaim for his role as Detective Bill Tench in David Fincher’s Mindhunter, McCallany returns to Netflix this summer in crime drama The Waterfront. On the film side, he’ll next be seen in The Amateur and Mission: Impossible – The Final Reckoning. Additionally, he’s set to make his directorial debut with an adaptation of Guiseppe Tornatore’s Oscar-nominated The Star Maker. He is repped by Buchwald, Atlas Artists, and attorney Rick Genow.

Till, well known for his five-season run as the title character in CBS’s MacGyver, will next star in Kurt Sutter’s Netflix series The Abandons, alongside Lena Headey and Gillian Anderson. Other past credits include the indie Son of the South and the role of Havok in a trio of X-Men films. He is repped by manager Tom Sullivan, Independent Artist Group, and Jackoway Austen Tyerman.

ARTICLE TITLE: Maika Monroe Joins Kornél Mundruczó’s ‘Place To Be’.
A-TIER ACTORS: []
B-TIER ACTORS: [Maika Monroe]

BLURBS:
Maika Monroe: Recently led "Reminders of Him," now joining "Place to Be," an indie drama by Kornél Mundruczó.

Posted Date: 2025-04-03 16:06:51.

TAG: (INDIE DRAMA KORNÉL MUNDRUCZÓ DISNEY STUDIOS AUSTRALIA)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
EXCLUSIVE: Weeks after signing on to lead Reminders of Him, Universal’s adaptation of the novel from It Ends with Us scribe Colleen Hoover, Maika Monroe has found another new project in Place to Be, the latest indie drama from Hungarian filmmaker Kornél Mundruczó (Pieces of a Woman).

Character details are under wraps. Ellen Burstyn and Taika Waititi lead the film examining the unlikely friendship of an elderly woman and middle-aged man as they travel from Chicago to New York to return a lost racing pigeon home. Others in the cast, as previously announced, include Murray Bartlett, Pamela Anderson, Edgar Ramírez, and Lena Waithe.

Written by Mundruczó and Kata Wéber, the filmmaker’s wife and frequent collaborator, Place to Be is shooting at Disney Studios Australia in Sydney. Producers on the project include Jomon Thomas (Monkey Man, Hotel Mumbai), Megan Wynn (Together, Poker Face), and Alexander Rodnyansky (Loveless, Beanpole). The exec producers are Natalya Pavchinskaya (S’YA Concept), Stuart Manashil, Pankaj Mamtora (Lonestar Films), Kanesh Mohana Sundaram (GVKM Elephant Pictures), Ashley Levinson, Sam Levinson, Viktoria Petranyi, David Edelstein, and the late Kevin Turen.

Watch on Deadline

S’YA Concept is financing the project, with WME Independent handling international sales. The film is supported by Screen NSW’s Made in NSW fund.

One of the emerging stars of the moment, Monroe proved her ability to command a major motion picture with Longlegs, the buzzy serial killer flick from Osgood Perkins in which she starred opposite Nicolas Cage. At a reported budget of less than $10 million, the film transcended all expectations last July as it surpassed Oscar winner Parasite to become Neon’s highest grossing title, cementing itself as the highest-grossing independent horror film of the decade.

No stranger to genre films, Monroe will soon be seen starring opposite Mary Elizabeth Winstead in 20th’s reimagining of the classic horror thriller The Hand That Rocks the Cradle. Additionally, she’s set to reteam with David Robert Mitchell on They Follow, the long-awaited follow-up to their acclaimed 2014 title It Follows, which is regarded as one of the best horror films in recent memory.

In addition to Reminders of Him, other upcoming projects for Monroe include the romantic fantasy 100 Nights of Hero, opposite Nicholas Galitzine and Emma Corrin, and In Cold Light opposite CODA‘s Troy Kotsur. She is represented by WME, Entertainment 360, and Felker Toczek Suddleson.

ARTICLE TITLE: Alec Baldwin To Star In Psychological Drama ‘The Cutting Room Floor’; Michael Boatman, Karen Allen Also Set
A-TIER ACTORS: [Alec Baldwin]
B-TIER ACTORS: [Michael Boatman, Karen Allen]

BLURBS:
Alec Baldwin: Oscar nominee, known for 30 Rock, Rust, Supercell, and SNL.
Michael Boatman: Known for The Good Fight, Anger Management, Gossip Girl, and Spin City.
Karen Allen: Known for Indiana Jones franchise and recent films Unsinkable and The Easy Kind.

Posted Date: 2025-04-03 14:00:00.

TAG: (INDIE DRAMA DEBUT GOLDEN SCRIPT WINNER)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
EXCLUSIVE: Alec Baldwin (30 Rock), Michael Boatman (The Good Fight), and Karen Allen (Indiana Jones franchise) are set to topline The Cutting Room Floor, the first feature from writer-director Victoria DeMartin.

Entering production this summer, the indie follows an aspiring film editor who receives the opportunity of a lifetime but sees her world begin to spiral out of control when the film starts to mirror her own life, blurring the lines between fiction and reality. DeMartin’s script recently won First Place in the Golden Script Fellowship, an extension of the international Golden Script Competition.

Damian Young (Ozark), Jennifer Sklias-Gahan (FBI: Most Wanted), Kuhoo Verma (Murder Mystery 2), and Michael Benz (Joker) were tapped for supporting roles by casting directors Lina Todd and Byron Beane. Simon TaufiQue and Danielle Eva Schwob will produce, with the latter also set to pen the score. Ben Leong is also producing.

Watch on Deadline

An Oscar nominee, Baldwin has recently been seen in films like Rust and Supercell, with numerous appearances on Saturday Night Live. He is represented by manager Matt DelPiano.

Best known for his work in TV, Boatman was recently starring on Paramount+’s The Good Fight, reprising his role as attorney Julius Cain from The Good Wife. Other small-screen credits include Anger Management, Gossip Girl, and Spin City, to name just a few. He is repped by Innovative Artists and Thruline Entertainment.

Known for her work in numerous classic films, including multiple installments of the Indiana Jones franchise, Allen has most recently appeared in films like Unsinkable and The Easy Kind. She’s repped by Authentic.

New York native DeMartin has previously written and directed seven short films and produced two others. Each has screened at festivals nationwide, including the Austin Film Festival and Hamptons Film Festival. Most recently, she directed The Audition, a short commissioned by Nikon. Her historical short film, Winter Rye, aired on PBS-KCVR in 2014 and won Best Short Period Piece at the Garden State Film Festival. She’s repped by Empirical Evidence.

Young is repped by CornerStone Talent Agency; Sklias-Gahan by WME and Bohemia Group; Verma by Innovative Artists and Solstice Talent; and Benz by Curtis Brown Group, IAG, and Authentic.

ARTICLE TITLE: 2025-26 Awards Season Calendar: Dates For Tonys, Emmys, Oscars & More
The article does not mention any actors joining a project.

TAG: (UPCOMING AWARDS SEASON)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
UPDATED with latest: The 97th Oscars is in the rearview — time to look at what’s ahead trophy show-wise.

Here is a list of awards shows and nominations dates ahead as we move move toward Emmy season and look ahead to the Tonys, music awards and more. Check back often for updates.

April

3: Crunchyroll Anime Awards nominations

29: Scientific and Technical Awards ceremony (postponed from February 18)

May

Watch on Deadline

8: Academy of Country Music Awards

12: Webby Awards

20: Gracie Awards (Alliance for Women in Media Foundation)

20: Sports Emmys

25: Crunchyroll Anime Awards

26: American Music Awards (moved from October 6)

29: Golden Trailer Awards

June

1: Peabody Awards

2: Gotham TV Awards

6: SDSA Awards for Television nominations (Set Decorators Society of America)

8: Tony Awards

11: Critics Choice Super Awards nominations

30: LMGI Awards nominations (Location Managers Guild International)

TBA: TPEC Awards (Television Publicity Executives Committee)

July

15: Primetime Emmy Awards nominations

23: Critics Choice Super Awards

August

10: SDSA Awards for Television

23: LMGI Awards

September

6-7: Creative Arts Emmy Awards

14: Primetime Emmy Awards

October

6: Student Academy Awards

2026

March

8: Golden Reels Awards

15: Academy Awards

RELATED: Oscar Best Actress Winners Gallery

RELATED: Every Oscar Best Picture Winner

RELATED: All The Best Actor Oscar Winners Back To 1929

ARTICLE TITLE: Jonathan Tucker Boards Netflix’s Limited Series ‘I Will Find You’ Based On Harlan Coben Novel.
A-TIER ACTORS: []
B-TIER ACTORS: [Jonathan Tucker]

BLURBS:
Jonathan Tucker: Joins Netflix’s limited series 'I Will Find You', portraying Police Sergeant Adam Mackenzie.

Posted Date: 2025-04-02 20:07:32.

TAG: (NETFLIX COBEN ADAPTATION THRILLER)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Tucker has joined the cast of Netflix’s I Will Find You.

In a pivotal role in the limited series based on Harlan Coben’s bestselling 2023 novel of the same name, the Echoes alum will portray Police Sergeant Adam Mackenzie. The character is the closest friend of lead Sam Worthington’s David Burroughs, an innocent man behind bars for life for the murder of his son. When David finds out his child may actually be alive, he decides to bust out of prison. Tucker’s Mackenzie is right there to help his pal in any way he can, for better or worse.

The eight-episode thriller series created by Coben and showrunner Robert Hull also features Severance’s Britt Lower, This is Us’ Milo Ventimiglia, The Crown’s Erin Richards and Dear White People’s Logan Browning. Bryan Wynbrandt, Steven Lilien and John Weber executive produce with Coben and Hull.

Watch on Deadline

Tucker is a veteran of Westworld, Justified, Snowfall and Netflix’s 2022 series Echoes, as well as a Spirit Award nominee for the Sundance 2022-debuting Palm Trees and Power Lines. His credits also include Nick Cassavetes’ God Is a Bullet, the male lead in NBC and J.H. Wyman’s Debris, and the MMA-themed Kingdom on the now-shuttered Audience Network.

The Boston-born Tucker is repped by Paradigm and Entertainment 360. Attorney Steve Warren at Hansen, Jacobson, Teller, Hoberman, Newman, Warren, Richman, Rush, Kaller, Gellman, Meigs & Fox handles the actor’s legal affairs.

Set to go into production in mid-April, I Will Find You is the latest Coben series adaptation via the author’s deal with Netflix. Earlier this month, the Argentinian Caught and Polish Just One Look launched on the streamer, joining such previous series as the UK-originating Fool Me Once, Stay Close, The Stranger, The Innocent, Gone for Good, Hold Tight and The Woods.

ARTICLE TITLE: Julia Stiles, Alex Moffat, David Cross, Stephen Root & More Wrap On Indie Comedy ‘Unbearable Christmas’ From Kevin Cate.
A-TIER ACTORS: [Julia Stiles, David Cross, Stephen Root, Mena Suvari]
B-TIER ACTORS: [Alex Moffat, Caroline Rhea, Kennedy Moyer]

BLURBS:
Julia Stiles: Known for her role in 'Chosen Family', now cast in 'Unbearable Christmas'.
David Cross: From 'Arrested Development', joining the cast of 'Unbearable Christmas'.
Stephen Root: 'Barry' actor, now part of 'Unbearable Christmas'.
Mena Suvari: 'American Beauty' star, cast in 'Unbearable Christmas'.
Alex Moffat: 'SNL' actor, joining 'Unbearable Christmas'.
Caroline Rhea: Known for 'Sabrina the Teenage Witch', cast in 'Unbearable Christmas'.
Kennedy Moyer: Newly joining the cast of 'Unbearable Christmas'.

Posted Date: 2025-04-02 18:07:54.

TAG: (INDIE HOLIDAY COMEDY)

FULL ARTICLE TEXT:
EXCLUSIVE: Indie filmmaker Kevin Cate has wrapped on the Georgia production of his debut feature, the holiday road trip comedy Unbearable Christmas. Principal cast for the film includes Julia Stiles (Chosen Family), Alex Moffat (SNL), Caroline Rhea (Sabrina the Teenage Witch), David Cross (Arrested Development), Stephen Root (Barry), Mena Suvari (American Beauty), Kennedy Moyer, and Ben Lewis Doherty (Task).

Written by Cate and Blake Sennett, who also features in the ensemble, the film follows the Tipton family on a chaotic cross-country trip filled with misadventure, emotional blowups, and unexpected holiday magic — the kind that only happens when everything goes completely oﬀ the rails.

The intention, Cate told us, was to make “a timeless, hilarious, watch it every year to find something new Christmas movie…Think Christmas Vacation meets Little Miss Sunshine.”

Watch on Deadline

Cate produced for Clinging Vine Films, alongside Sennett, with Gayle Pillsbury handling casting. Al Roker, Valyn Hall, and Sean Anthony Baker round out the cast.

Of Unbearable Christmas, Cate went on to say, “As an independently produced film, we were able to give our incredible ensemble cast the freedom to push every scene as far as humanly possible and they really did. So what you’ll see on screen is a physical, emotional, and at times absurd brand of Christmas comedy that really doesn’t get green-lit anymore, but should.”

Stiles is repped by Gersh, Untitled Entertainment, and Sloane, Offer, Weber & Dern; Moffat by Gersh, Mosaic, and Jackoway Austen Tyerman; Rhea by CESD and Gersh; Cross by UTA, Brillstein Entertainment Partners, and Sloane, Offer; Root by Gersh and Brillstein; Suvari by Innovative Artists, Management Production Entertainment, and Jackoway Austen Tyerman; Moyer by Gersh; Doherty by Stewart Talent and Untitled Entertainment; Roker by Envisionary Management; Hall by Alexander White Agency, Savage Agency, and Authentic Talent and Literary Management; Baker by Kathleen Schultz Associates Talent Agency and Kreativ Media Partners; and Sennett by Cohen Gardner LLP.

